---
layout: post
title:  "Clever me"
date:   2017-03-29 18:20:23 +0100
categories: code clojure self_hosting
---

Today I opened up a term on my work laptop and I found the code for
[grimmly][grimmly] which I'd worked on some time ago just sitting there, because
I'd been chewing someone's ear off about it some time last week. I tend to leave
tmux panes open for weeks.

I haven't been using it for a while, so I thought I'd fire it up again. I went
in to the appropriate directory on my vps and ran `make run`. I went in to my
weechat and did `/script load grimmly`. Then I went in to my working SSL dir on
my vps and ran `make`, which prompted me for a client machine friendly name and
about a million fields and repeats of passwords (totally arbitrary information
that I should probably get around to automating somewhen). Finally it spat out a
`.p12` file which I downloaded and imported in to my keychain on my local
machine.

And it all works flawlessly. I'm pretty chuffed with past me (usually that guy's
a bastard), because he decided on a useful thing to do and did it in a cool way
that's an amalgamation of different knowledges:
- clojure
- python
- weechat
- HTTP
- SSL and SSL client certificates
- nginx
- docker containers and container networks
- shitloads of Makefile

My favourite thing about it is that it's very unixy - lots of bits that are good
at their jobs plug in together to make something that's simple, fast, effective
and composeable.

On top of that, it's a love song to the esoteric way in which I always end up
doing things, which now at the age of 30 I suppose I should only embrace
(because it's unlikely to change). I moulded a thing around my workflow so that
I could remain in total control - the way technology is supposed to be.

[grimmly]: http://github.com/oholiab/grimmly
